c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\bin\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.exe
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\bin\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.pdb
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\bin\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.xml
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.Index.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.Resources.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.exe
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.xml
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.pdb
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\bin\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.exe.config
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.IndexStudents.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.IndexTutors.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.IndexMenus.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.IndexCharges.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.IndexConsumptions.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.CreateStudent.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.DeleteStudent.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.UpdateStudent.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.CreateTutor.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.DeleteTutor.resources
c:\users\gilberto\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Index\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten\obj\Debug\clientapp_for_WSKinderGarten.UpdateTutor.resources
